Update enter-ccupdate.md (#2352)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbServer/skype-for-business-hybrid-solutions/plan-your-phone-system-cloud-pbx-solution/enter-ccupdate.md

ms.prod: skype-for-business-itpro
localization_priority: Normal
ms.assetid: 330367f2-22b0-43e3-b8fb-3e0d2e3b330e

> description: "The Enter-CcUpdate cmdlet prepares the Skype for Business Cloud Connector Edition host server for the update process by putting it in maintenance mode. The appliance immediately stops all services, ending any ongoing calls and rejecting any new calls"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "The Enter-CcUpdate cmdlet prepares the Skype for Business Cloud Connector Edition host server for the update process by putting it in maintenance mode. The appliance immediately stops all services, ending any ongoing calls and rejecting any new calls."
```

> description: "The Enter-CcUpdate cmdlet prepares the Skype for Business Cloud Connector Edition host server for the update process by putting it in maintenance mode. The appliance immediately stops all services ending any ongoing calls and will reject any new calls"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "The Enter-CcUpdate cmdlet prepares the Skype for Business Cloud Connector Edition host server for the update process by putting it in maintenance mode. The appliance immediately stops all services, ending any ongoing calls and rejecting any new calls"
```
